Add new `list` field type for typed collections, lexically delimiter-based (#38)
frictionlessdata/datapackage: content/docs/specifications/table-schema.md

`format`: no options (other than the default).

#### list

> The field contains data that is an ordered one-level depth collection of primitive values with a fixed item type. In the lexical representation, the field `MUST` contain a string with values separated by a delimiter which is `,` (comma) by default e.g. `value1,value2`. In comparison to the `array` type, the `list` type is directly modelled on the concept of SQL typed collections providing full interoperability with modern databases.

Reviewer: Better remove "providing full interoperability with modern databases." as this statement is too strong: there are other aspects of DBMS not covered by this specification.

`format`: no options (other than the default).

The list field can be customised with these additional properties:

- **delimiter**: specifies the character sequence which separates lexically represented list items. If not present, the default is `,` (comma).

> - **itemType**: specifies the list item type in terms of existent Table Schema types. If present, it `MUST` be one of `string`, `integer`, `boolean`, `number`, `datetme`, `date`, and `time`. If not present, the default is `string`. A data consumer `MUST` process list items as it were individual values of the corresponding data type. Note, that on lexical level only default formats are supported, for example, for a list with `itemType` set to `date`, items have to be in default form for dates i.e. `yyyy-mm-dd`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **itemType**: specifies the list item type in terms of existent Table Schema types. If present, it `MUST` be one of `string`, `integer`, `boolean`, `number`, `datetime`, `date`, and `time`. If not present, the default is `string`. A data consumer `SHOULD` process list items as it were individual values of the corresponding data type. Note, that on lexical level only default formats are supported, for example, for a list with `itemType` set to `date`, items have to be in default form for dates i.e. `yyyy-mm-dd`.
```

Typo correction.

Just as with `delimiter` I think data consumers should have the option not to process this field. Therefore `SHOULD`.
